This section describes some of the advanced fucntions in `chflow`. In order to effectively characterize noise in a quantum channel, it is important choose the right measure of noise strength which can help provide accurate predictions of the logical fault rate. In the work of \[1\] it was observed standard measures of physical noise strength such as [those we considered so far]() can only provide coarse estimates of the logical error rate. This indicates that the logical fault rate is sensitve to some features of the underlying physical CPTP map that is not effectively captured by the standard metrics.

This section is inspired by the quest for measures of noise strenght that provide tighter estimates of the logical fault rate. By performing numerical simulations of a multitude of quantum channels against an error correcting code, we can use machine learning tecniques to explore correlations between the parameters of the underlying CPTP map and its corresponding logical error rate. See \[1\] for more details. We will follow a two step procedure to operationally defining a measure of noise strength. First, we will fit the logical error rates obtained from a simulation ensemble (of random CPTP maps) to an ansatz. The ansatz is explicitly stated in \[1\]. In essence, it assigns a number to every CPTP map, that will serve as the physical noise strength of the channel. In `chflow`, one can use the `sbfit` function to compute the ansatz-fit parameter for every channel in a submission database. The usage of `sbfit` is: `sbfit [<physical metric>] [<logical metric>] [<submission record names separated by a comma>]`. All of the parameters for `sbfit` are optional, in that, they assume default values when not specified. The physical metric is set to `fidelity`, while the logical metric is set to the first available metric at the logical level, for the submission record. Additional submission records are left empty by default.


\[1\]: [A Small Quantum Computer is Needed to Optimize Fault-Tolerant Protocols](https://arxiv.org/abs/1711.04736)

The second step in the derivation of a new noise metric is to build a model relating the ansatz derived fit parameter to the parameters of the corresponding CPTP map. Such a model could potentially be used as an operational definition of a noise strength for a new CPTP map (not in the ensemble).